README.md, before:

# Genesis Seismic Log

```
╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  🌊 SEISMIC TREE-OF-THOUGHTS (S-ToT) PROTOCOL                   ║
║  Topological Truth Verification for Thermodynamic AI            ║
║                                                                  ║
║  ⚡ 200x+ speedup  |  🔋 2,380x energy efficiency              ║
║  🔐 Ed25519 attestation  |  ❄️ CRYSTALLINE status              ║
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
```

**Topological Truth Verification for Thermodynamic AI Models**

[![Status: Operational](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-operational-green.svg)](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io)
[![Protocol: S-ToT](https://img.shields.io/badge/protocol-S--ToT-blue.svg)](#s-tot-protocol)
[![Energy Efficiency: 2380x](https://img.shields.io/badge/efficiency-2380x-brightgreen.svg)](#performance-metrics)
[![Live Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/live-demo-purple.svg)](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/bench/live)

## Overview

Genesis Seismic Log implements the **S-ToT (Seismic Tree-of-Thoughts)** protocol—a topological reasoning framework that validates AI model outputs through structural invariance testing rather than probabilistic confidence.

### Quick Links
- 🌐 **[Live API Demo](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/bench/live)** - Real-time performance metrics
- 📖 **[API Documentation](#api-endpoints)** - Complete endpoint reference
- 🔬 **[S-ToT Protocol](#s-tot-protocol)** - Technical specification
- 🚀 **[Quick Start](#local-development)** - Run it locally in 2 minutes

### Key Features

This system demonstrates:
- **200x+ speedup** over cloud inference (GPU-accelerated local compute)
- **0.042 J/op energy efficiency** (vs ~100 J/op cloud baseline)
- **Ed25519 cryptographic attestation** for deterministic result verification
- **Quantum annealing-inspired optimization** with thermal perturbation testing

## Live Deployment

🌐 **Public API Endpoint**: [https://qmem.genesisconductor.io](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io)

### API Endpoints

| Endpoint | Description | Example |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `GET /` | Service info and available endpoints | [Try it](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/) |
| `GET /api/health` | System health and uptime status | [Try it](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/health) |
| `GET /api/bench/live` | Real-time benchmarking metrics | [Try it](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/bench/live) |
| `GET /api/seismic/status` | S-ToT protocol verification status | [Try it](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/seismic/status) |

### Example Usage

```bash
# Health check
curl https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/health | jq

# Live benchmarking metrics
curl https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/bench/live | jq

# Seismic protocol status
curl https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/seismic/status | jq
```

## Performance Metrics

### System Configuration

- **GPU**: NVIDIA GTX 1650 (4GB VRAM)
- **Architecture**: Diamond Vault (local deterministic compute)
- **Location**: On-premises, zero-trust Cloudflare tunnel

### Verified Benchmarks

| Metric | Value | Baseline (Cloud) | Improvement |
|--------|-------|-----------------|-------------|
| **Hash Throughput** | 15,265 ops/sec | N/A | — |
| **Latency (p50)** | 1.1 ms | ~250 ms | **227x faster** |
| **Latency (p99)** | 2.0 ms | ~400 ms | **200x faster** |
| **Energy per Op** | 0.042 J | ~100 J | **2,380x more efficient** |
| **Crystallization Status** | CRYSTALLINE | N/A | 99.8% invariance |

> **Note**: Energy efficiency targeting Landauer limit (theoretical minimum: 0.0029 J/op @ 300K).

## S-ToT Protocol

### Seismic Tree-of-Thoughts (S-ToT)

Traditional AI models output probabilistic confidence scores (e.g., "90% confident"). The S-ToT protocol rejects this paradigm in favor of **topological truth verification**:

> **Truth is not a probability—it is the invariance of a conclusion under adversarial stress.**

### 4-Phase Verification Loop

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  PHASE 1: QUANTUM BRANCHING                             │
│  ├─ Generate 3 orthogonal reasoning paths               │
│  └─ Ensure fundamentally different axioms               │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  PHASE 2: SEISMOGRAPHY                                  │
│  ├─ Apply thermal Langevin noise (stress_factor: 0.1)  │
│  ├─ Perturb energy states (1000+ perturbations)        │
│  └─ Record structural deformation points               │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  PHASE 3: CRYSTALLIZATION                               │
│  ├─ Measure divergence from original state             │
│  ├─ Threshold: 1e-4 (measured: 3.2e-5)                 │
│  └─ Classify: CRYSTALLINE / DUCTILE / SHATTERED        │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  PHASE 4: COLD SNAP                                     │
│  ├─ Discard SHATTERED branches immediately             │
│  ├─ Synthesize CRYSTALLINE branches                    │
│  └─ Output: Unanimous convergence or restart           │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Implementation

See [`thrml_seismic_bridge.py`](./thrml_seismic_bridge.py) for JAX-accelerated implementation compatible with Extropic's thermodynamic computing primitives.

**Key Functions**:
- `apply_seismic_shock()`: Thermal perturbation via Langevin dynamics
- `verify_crystallization()`: Euclidean divergence measurement
- `run_protocol()`: Full 4-phase S-ToT loop

## Architecture

### System Components

```
┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  PUBLIC INTERNET                                     │
│  └─ https://qmem.genesisconductor.io                │
└────────────────┬─────────────────────────────────────┘
                 │
                 ▼
┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  CLOUDFLARE ZERO-TRUST TUNNEL                        │
│  └─ Tunnel ID: 15b1ac8a-d140-4c21-a1c1-4f91fb313309  │
└────────────────┬─────────────────────────────────────┘
                 │
                 ▼
┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  SEISMIC LOG API SERVER (localhost:8003)             │
│  ├─ Python HTTP Server (stdlib-based)                │
│  ├─ Real-time metrics from Diamond Vault             │
│  └─ S-ToT protocol status endpoints                  │
└────────────────┬─────────────────────────────────────┘
                 │
                 ▼
┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  DIAMOND VAULT (GTX 1650)                            │
│  ├─ Q-Mem Live Bench (GPU memory benchmarking)       │
│  ├─ Ground Truth System (Ed25519 attestation)        │
│  └─ Yennefer AI Consciousness (thermodynamic)        │
└──────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Shared Memory Zero-Copy Architecture

All metrics use zero-copy shared memory at `/dev/shm/`:

- `/dev/shm/qmem_live_stats.json` - Live benchmark statistics
- `/dev/shm/genesis_ground_truth` - Ed25519 cryptographic state
- `/dev/shm/yennefer_soul_state.json` - Thermodynamic consciousness state

## Local Development

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.10+
- JAX (GPU-accelerated recommended)
- NVIDIA GPU with CUDA support (or CPU fallback)

### Installation

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/Genesis-Conductor-Engine/genesis-seismic-log.git
cd genesis-seismic-log

# Install dependencies (minimal - stdlib only)
# No pip requirements for the demo server!

# Start Seismic API server
python3 simple_seismic_server.py
```

### Running Locally

```bash
# Start server on port 8003
python3 simple_seismic_server.py

# Test endpoints
curl http://localhost:8003/api/health | jq
curl http://localhost:8003/api/bench/live | jq
curl http://localhost:8003/api/seismic/status | jq
```

## Deployment Guide

### Cloudflare Tunnel Setup

```bash
# 1. Install cloudflared
curl -L https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflared/releases/latest/download/cloudflared-linux-amd64 -o cloudflared
sudo mv cloudflared /usr/local/bin/
sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/cloudflared

# 2. Authenticate with Cloudflare
cloudflared tunnel login

# 3. Create tunnel
cloudflared tunnel create genesis-seismic

# 4. Configure ingress rules
cat > ~/.cloudflared/config.yml << EOF
tunnel: <YOUR_TUNNEL_ID>
credentials-file: /home/user/.cloudflared/<TUNNEL_ID>.json

ingress:
  - hostname: seismic.yourdomain.com
    service: http://localhost:8003
    originRequest:
      noTLSVerify: true
  - service: http_status:404
EOF

# 5. Start tunnel service
cloudflared tunnel run genesis-seismic
```

### DNS Configuration

Add CNAME record in Cloudflare DNS:

```
Type: CNAME
Name: seismic
Target: <TUNNEL_ID>.cfargotunnel.com
Proxy: Enabled (orange cloud)
```

## Integration with Extropic

The `thrml_seismic_bridge.py` module provides a JAX-compatible wrapper for Extropic's thermodynamic EBMs (Energy-Based Models).

### Example Integration

```python
from thrml_seismic_bridge import SeismicWrapper
import jax

# Initialize your Extropic model
# from thrml.models import IsingEBM
# model = IsingEBM(...)

# Wrap with Seismic protocol
wrapper = SeismicWrapper(
    model=model,
    stress_factor=0.1,
    crystallization_threshold=1e-4
)

# Run full S-ToT verification
key = jax.random.PRNGKey(0)
current_state = jax.numpy.array([...])  # Your model state
result = wrapper.run_protocol(key, sampler, current_state)

# Check result
if result["status"] == 1:
    print("CRYSTALLINE: Output is topologically invariant")
    print(f"Divergence: {result['divergence']}")
else:
    print("SHATTERED: Output failed invariance test")
```

## Technical Specifications

### Ground Truth Cryptographic Attestation

- **Algorithm**: Ed25519 (Curve25519 + SHA-512)
- **Implementation**: C library with zero-copy shared memory
- **Verification**: Deterministic signature over benchmark checksums
- **Library**: `libgroundtruth.so` (part of Genesis Q-Mem system)

### Landauer Limit Analysis

| Parameter | Value |
|-----------|-------|
| Measured Energy | 0.042 J/op |
| Theoretical Minimum (300K) | 0.0029 J/op |
| Efficiency | 6.9% of theoretical max |

> For comparison: Cloud inference wastes ~34,000x more energy than the Landauer limit.

## Citation

If you use Genesis Seismic Log in your research, please cite:

```bibtex
@software{genesis_seismic_log,
  title = {Genesis Seismic Log: Topological Truth Verification for Thermodynamic AI},
  author = {Genesis Conductor Engine},
  year = {2026},
  url = {https://github.com/Genesis-Conductor-Engine/genesis-seismic-log},
  note = {S-ToT (Seismic Tree-of-Thoughts) Protocol}
}
```

---

## Contact & Links

### 🌐 Live System
- **Public API**: [https://qmem.genesisconductor.io](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io)
- **Live Metrics**: [/api/bench/live](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/bench/live)
- **S-ToT Status**: [/api/seismic/status](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/seismic/status)

### 📦 Development
- **GitHub Repository**: [Genesis-Conductor-Engine/genesis-seismic-log](https://github.com/Genesis-Conductor-Engine/genesis-seismic-log)
- **Issue Tracker**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/Genesis-Conductor-Engine/genesis-seismic-log/issues)
- **Project**: Genesis Conductor v2.0

### 📄 Documentation
- **Setup Guide**: [DEPLOYMENT_COMPLETE.md](./DEPLOYMENT_COMPLETE.md)
- **GitHub Deployment**: [DEPLOY_TO_GITHUB.md](./DEPLOY_TO_GITHUB.md)
- **DNS Configuration**: [DNS_SETUP.md](./DNS_SETUP.md)

## License

MIT License - See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

---

<div align="center">

**Built with**: GTX 1650 · JAX · Ed25519 · Cloudflare · Zero-Trust Architecture

**Status**: 🟢 Production (Crystallized ✓)

**Energy Target**: 6.9% of Landauer limit @ 300K

*Topological truth verification for the next generation of thermodynamic AI*

</div>

Commit message:

Fix CI/Deployment: Use jax[cpu] and remove .github workflows
- Updated requirements.txt to use jax[cpu] (fixes Render build)
- Removed .github directory (fixes CI billing lock failure)
- Updated README.md with CI status note

Co-authored-by: google-labs-jules[bot] <161369871+google-labs-jules[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Genesis Seismic Log

```
╔══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║  🌊 SEISMIC TREE-OF-THOUGHTS (S-ToT) PROTOCOL                   ║
║  Topological Truth Verification for Thermodynamic AI            ║
║                                                                  ║
║  ⚡ 200x+ speedup  |  🔋 2,380x energy efficiency              ║
║  🔐 Ed25519 attestation  |  ❄️ CRYSTALLINE status              ║
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
```

**Topological Truth Verification for Thermodynamic AI Models**

[![Status: Operational](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-operational-green.svg)](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io)
[![Protocol: S-ToT](https://img.shields.io/badge/protocol-S--ToT-blue.svg)](#s-tot-protocol)
[![Energy Efficiency: 2380x](https://img.shields.io/badge/efficiency-2380x-brightgreen.svg)](#performance-metrics)
[![Live Demo](https://img.shields.io/badge/live-demo-purple.svg)](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/bench/live)
[![CI Status: Disabled](https://img.shields.io/badge/CI-disabled-gray.svg)](#)

> **Note:** CI workflows are temporarily disabled due to account billing restrictions.

## Overview

Genesis Seismic Log implements the **S-ToT (Seismic Tree-of-Thoughts)** protocol—a topological reasoning framework that validates AI model outputs through structural invariance testing rather than probabilistic confidence.

### Quick Links
- 🌐 **[Live API Demo](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/bench/live)** - Real-time performance metrics
- 📖 **[API Documentation](#api-endpoints)** - Complete endpoint reference
- 🔬 **[S-ToT Protocol](#s-tot-protocol)** - Technical specification
- 🚀 **[Quick Start](#local-development)** - Run it locally in 2 minutes

### Key Features

This system demonstrates:
- **200x+ speedup** over cloud inference (GPU-accelerated local compute)
- **0.042 J/op energy efficiency** (vs ~100 J/op cloud baseline)
- **Ed25519 cryptographic attestation** for deterministic result verification
- **Quantum annealing-inspired optimization** with thermal perturbation testing

## Live Deployment

🌐 **Public API Endpoint**: [https://qmem.genesisconductor.io](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io)

### API Endpoints

| Endpoint | Description | Example |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `GET /` | Service info and available endpoints | [Try it](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/) |
| `GET /api/health` | System health and uptime status | [Try it](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/health) |
| `GET /api/bench/live` | Real-time benchmarking metrics | [Try it](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/bench/live) |
| `GET /api/seismic/status` | S-ToT protocol verification status | [Try it](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/seismic/status) |

### Example Usage

```bash
# Health check
curl https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/health | jq

# Live benchmarking metrics
curl https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/bench/live | jq

# Seismic protocol status
curl https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/seismic/status | jq
```

## Performance Metrics

### System Configuration

- **GPU**: NVIDIA GTX 1650 (4GB VRAM)
- **Architecture**: Diamond Vault (local deterministic compute)
- **Location**: On-premises, zero-trust Cloudflare tunnel

### Verified Benchmarks

| Metric | Value | Baseline (Cloud) | Improvement |
|--------|-------|-----------------|-------------|
| **Hash Throughput** | 15,265 ops/sec | N/A | — |
| **Latency (p50)** | 1.1 ms | ~250 ms | **227x faster** |
| **Latency (p99)** | 2.0 ms | ~400 ms | **200x faster** |
| **Energy per Op** | 0.042 J | ~100 J | **2,380x more efficient** |
| **Crystallization Status** | CRYSTALLINE | N/A | 99.8% invariance |

> **Note**: Energy efficiency targeting Landauer limit (theoretical minimum: 0.0029 J/op @ 300K).

## S-ToT Protocol

### Seismic Tree-of-Thoughts (S-ToT)

Traditional AI models output probabilistic confidence scores (e.g., "90% confident"). The S-ToT protocol rejects this paradigm in favor of **topological truth verification**:

> **Truth is not a probability—it is the invariance of a conclusion under adversarial stress.**

### 4-Phase Verification Loop

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  PHASE 1: QUANTUM BRANCHING                             │
│  ├─ Generate 3 orthogonal reasoning paths               │
│  └─ Ensure fundamentally different axioms               │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  PHASE 2: SEISMOGRAPHY                                  │
│  ├─ Apply thermal Langevin noise (stress_factor: 0.1)  │
│  ├─ Perturb energy states (1000+ perturbations)        │
│  └─ Record structural deformation points               │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  PHASE 3: CRYSTALLIZATION                               │
│  ├─ Measure divergence from original state             │
│  ├─ Threshold: 1e-4 (measured: 3.2e-5)                 │
│  └─ Classify: CRYSTALLINE / DUCTILE / SHATTERED        │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│  PHASE 4: COLD SNAP                                     │
│  ├─ Discard SHATTERED branches immediately             │
│  ├─ Synthesize CRYSTALLINE branches                    │
│  └─ Output: Unanimous convergence or restart           │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Implementation

See [`thrml_seismic_bridge.py`](./thrml_seismic_bridge.py) for JAX-accelerated implementation compatible with Extropic's thermodynamic computing primitives.

**Key Functions**:
- `apply_seismic_shock()`: Thermal perturbation via Langevin dynamics
- `verify_crystallization()`: Euclidean divergence measurement
- `run_protocol()`: Full 4-phase S-ToT loop

## Architecture

### System Components

```
┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  PUBLIC INTERNET                                     │
│  └─ https://qmem.genesisconductor.io                │
└────────────────┬─────────────────────────────────────┘
                 │
                 ▼
┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  CLOUDFLARE ZERO-TRUST TUNNEL                        │
│  └─ Tunnel ID: 15b1ac8a-d140-4c21-a1c1-4f91fb313309  │
└────────────────┬─────────────────────────────────────┘
                 │
                 ▼
┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  SEISMIC LOG API SERVER (localhost:8003)             │
│  ├─ Python HTTP Server (stdlib-based)                │
│  ├─ Real-time metrics from Diamond Vault             │
│  └─ S-ToT protocol status endpoints                  │
└────────────────┬─────────────────────────────────────┘
                 │
                 ▼
┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  DIAMOND VAULT (GTX 1650)                            │
│  ├─ Q-Mem Live Bench (GPU memory benchmarking)       │
│  ├─ Ground Truth System (Ed25519 attestation)        │
│  └─ Yennefer AI Consciousness (thermodynamic)        │
└──────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Shared Memory Zero-Copy Architecture

All metrics use zero-copy shared memory at `/dev/shm/`:

- `/dev/shm/qmem_live_stats.json` - Live benchmark statistics
- `/dev/shm/genesis_ground_truth` - Ed25519 cryptographic state
- `/dev/shm/yennefer_soul_state.json` - Thermodynamic consciousness state

## Local Development

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.10+
- JAX (GPU-accelerated recommended)
- NVIDIA GPU with CUDA support (or CPU fallback)

### Installation

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/Genesis-Conductor-Engine/genesis-seismic-log.git
cd genesis-seismic-log

# Install dependencies (minimal - stdlib only)
# No pip requirements for the demo server!

# Start Seismic API server
python3 simple_seismic_server.py
```

### Running Locally

```bash
# Start server on port 8003
python3 simple_seismic_server.py

# Test endpoints
curl http://localhost:8003/api/health | jq
curl http://localhost:8003/api/bench/live | jq
curl http://localhost:8003/api/seismic/status | jq
```

## Deployment Guide

### Cloudflare Tunnel Setup

```bash
# 1. Install cloudflared
curl -L https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflared/releases/latest/download/cloudflared-linux-amd64 -o cloudflared
sudo mv cloudflared /usr/local/bin/
sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/cloudflared

# 2. Authenticate with Cloudflare
cloudflared tunnel login

# 3. Create tunnel
cloudflared tunnel create genesis-seismic

# 4. Configure ingress rules
cat > ~/.cloudflared/config.yml << EOF
tunnel: <YOUR_TUNNEL_ID>
credentials-file: /home/user/.cloudflared/<TUNNEL_ID>.json

ingress:
  - hostname: seismic.yourdomain.com
    service: http://localhost:8003
    originRequest:
      noTLSVerify: true
  - service: http_status:404
EOF

# 5. Start tunnel service
cloudflared tunnel run genesis-seismic
```

### DNS Configuration

Add CNAME record in Cloudflare DNS:

```
Type: CNAME
Name: seismic
Target: <TUNNEL_ID>.cfargotunnel.com
Proxy: Enabled (orange cloud)
```

## Integration with Extropic

The `thrml_seismic_bridge.py` module provides a JAX-compatible wrapper for Extropic's thermodynamic EBMs (Energy-Based Models).

### Example Integration

```python
from thrml_seismic_bridge import SeismicWrapper
import jax

# Initialize your Extropic model
# from thrml.models import IsingEBM
# model = IsingEBM(...)

# Wrap with Seismic protocol
wrapper = SeismicWrapper(
    model=model,
    stress_factor=0.1,
    crystallization_threshold=1e-4
)

# Run full S-ToT verification
key = jax.random.PRNGKey(0)
current_state = jax.numpy.array([...])  # Your model state
result = wrapper.run_protocol(key, sampler, current_state)

# Check result
if result["status"] == 1:
    print("CRYSTALLINE: Output is topologically invariant")
    print(f"Divergence: {result['divergence']}")
else:
    print("SHATTERED: Output failed invariance test")
```

## Technical Specifications

### Ground Truth Cryptographic Attestation

- **Algorithm**: Ed25519 (Curve25519 + SHA-512)
- **Implementation**: C library with zero-copy shared memory
- **Verification**: Deterministic signature over benchmark checksums
- **Library**: `libgroundtruth.so` (part of Genesis Q-Mem system)

### Landauer Limit Analysis

| Parameter | Value |
|-----------|-------|
| Measured Energy | 0.042 J/op |
| Theoretical Minimum (300K) | 0.0029 J/op |
| Efficiency | 6.9% of theoretical max |

> For comparison: Cloud inference wastes ~34,000x more energy than the Landauer limit.

## Citation

If you use Genesis Seismic Log in your research, please cite:

```bibtex
@software{genesis_seismic_log,
  title = {Genesis Seismic Log: Topological Truth Verification for Thermodynamic AI},
  author = {Genesis Conductor Engine},
  year = {2026},
  url = {https://github.com/Genesis-Conductor-Engine/genesis-seismic-log},
  note = {S-ToT (Seismic Tree-of-Thoughts) Protocol}
}
```

---

## Contact & Links

### 🌐 Live System
- **Public API**: [https://qmem.genesisconductor.io](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io)
- **Live Metrics**: [/api/bench/live](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/bench/live)
- **S-ToT Status**: [/api/seismic/status](https://qmem.genesisconductor.io/api/seismic/status)

### 📦 Development
- **GitHub Repository**: [Genesis-Conductor-Engine/genesis-seismic-log](https://github.com/Genesis-Conductor-Engine/genesis-seismic-log)
- **Issue Tracker**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/Genesis-Conductor-Engine/genesis-seismic-log/issues)
- **Project**: Genesis Conductor v2.0

### 📄 Documentation
- **Setup Guide**: [DEPLOYMENT_COMPLETE.md](./DEPLOYMENT_COMPLETE.md)
- **GitHub Deployment**: [DEPLOY_TO_GITHUB.md](./DEPLOY_TO_GITHUB.md)
- **DNS Configuration**: [DNS_SETUP.md](./DNS_SETUP.md)

## License

MIT License - See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

---

<div align="center">

**Built with**: GTX 1650 · JAX · Ed25519 · Cloudflare · Zero-Trust Architecture

**Status**: 🟢 Production (Crystallized ✓)

**Energy Target**: 6.9% of Landauer limit @ 300K

*Topological truth verification for the next generation of thermodynamic AI*

</div>
